Clarifying process termination strategy for critical errors (#5250)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/hosting/critical-errors.md

## Custom handling

A custom critical error handler can be provided to override the default behavior.

Examples of reasons to consider implementating a custom critical error action include:

* Restarting the endpoint and resetting the transport connection may resolve underlying issues in receiving or dispatching messages.
* To notify support personnel when the endpoint has raised a critical error.
* The endpoint contains a handler which must not be executed beyond the configured recoverability policy.

Define a custom handler using the following code.

snippet: DefiningCustomHostErrorHandlingAction

### A possible custom implementation

snippet: CustomHostErrorHandlingAction

### Implementation Concerns

partial: override

When implementing a custom critical error callback:

> * To exit the process use the [Environment.FailFast](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd289240.aspx) method. In case the environment has threads running that should be completed before shutdown (e.g. non transactional operations), the [Environment.Exit](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.environment.exit.aspx) method can also be used.

Reviewer: If we are creating a `Terminating the process` section, should this be there?

* The code should be wrapped in a `try...finally` clause. In the `try` block perform any custom operations; in the `finally` block call the method that exits the process.
* The custom operations should include flushing any in-memory state and cached data, if normally it is persisted at a certain interval or during graceful shutdown. For example, flush appenders when using buffering or asynchronous appenders for [NLog](https://nlog-project.org/documentation/v4.3.0/html/M_NLog_LogManager_Shutdown.htm) or [log4net](https://logging.apache.org/log4net/log4net-1.2.11/release/sdk/log4net.LogManager.Shutdown.html) state by calling `LogManager.Shutdown();`.

Whenever possible rely on the environment hosting the endpoint process to automatically restart it:

* IIS: The IIS host will automatically spawn a new instance.

> * Windows Service: The OS can restart the service after 1 minute if [Windows Service Recovery](/nservicebus/hosting/windows-service.md#installation-setting-the-restart-recovery-options) is enabled.

Reviewer: Similarly, if we are creating a specific section for terminating the process, should this be there as well?

> ## Terminating the process

Reviewer: Should this be one level lower? `###`

> In general the best strategy is to terminate the process when a critical error occurs and rely on the process hosting environment to restart the process as a recovery mechanism. Reason this is the best strategy is that it is unknown when a critical error occurs if the issues is recoverable. By assuming it is not and terminating the process results in the more resilient way on dealing with critical errors.

Reviewer: Here are just some grammar changes to what you wrote:
```suggestion
In general, the best strategy is to terminate the process when a critical error occurs and rely on the process hosting environment to restart the process as a recovery mechanism. The reason this is the best strategy is that it is unknown when a critical error occurs if the issue is recoverable. By assuming it is not and terminating the process results in a more resilient way of dealing with critical errors.
```

I question the "best". We know it isn't the best for everyone, but I think we can present terminating the process as a good choice. I attempted to reword it:

```suggestion
It is often unknown when a critical error occurs if the issue is recoverable. A sound strategy is to terminate the process when a critical error occurs and rely on the process hosting environment to restart the process as a recovery mechanism, resulting in a resilient way to deal with critical errors.```

> However, this strategy only works when the endpoint instance is hosted in isolation and that it does not have any other component. For example if co-hosting NServiceBus with a web-service or website as this would result in these components to shortly be unavailable to users or other systems.

Reviewer: I like that we called this out as part of a warning in the current version.
